# Polarization_IVs
polarization project with IVs.
(names in parentheses are local file names)
The files are used to generate the results in Yawen's job market paper and thesis chapter.


Project Created on July 2nd, 2016, to store the files used to generate results in Yawen's JMP

Initial code 1: dataclean.do (dataclean_16Jul02.do)
This code is the starting part of "Bartik_15Oct17.do"(saved in local computer) , which was used to clean the data.

Initial code 2: regressions_noagct.do (regressionsYawen_15Oct28.do)
This code was used to generate the results in my JMP, where tariff changes are used as IVs. (exclude agriculture sector)

Initial code 3: regressions_agct.do (regressionsYawen_15Nov22.do)
This code was used to generate the results in my JMP, where tariff changes are used as IVs. (include agriculture sector)

Initial code 4: Bartik.do (Bartik_15Oct26.do)
Generate regional trade shocks using bartik format.

Initial code 5: Bartik_cntries.do (Bartik_15Oct26_CHN.do)
Generate regional trade shocks using bartik format. Trade values by trading countries.

Initial code 6: Delta.do (Delta_15Oct26.do)
Compute the regional "delta_omega" (share of tasks being used by foreign countries).

Initial code 7: counterfactual.do (counterfactual_15Dec18.do)
Compute the total trade effect after getting the regression estimates.

Four files used for counterfactual analysis:
1. counterfactual_17Apr27.do
Generate counterfactual data after OLS or control function estimation, counterfactual scenario is zero trade shock.

2. counterfactual_17Sep11.do
Generate counterfactual data after OLS or control function estimation, similar as "counterfactual_17Apr27.do", but counterfactual scenario is zero trade shock from CHINA.

3. counterfactual_17Oct07.do
Generate counterfactual data after OLS or 2SLS estimation, counterfactual scenario is zero trade shock. This part is not included in the paper, just for checks. Results consistent with OLS and CF estimations, but with larger size.

4. counterfactual_17May01.do
Use the counterfactual data generated by above files to compute the trade induced aggregate change, and plot them in a bar graph.

